Hardware Key Support docs - additional troubleshooting info (#29147)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/access-controls/guides/hardware-key-support.mdx

  Hardware Key Support requires Teleport Enterprise.
</Admonition>

> By default, `tsh`, Teleport Connect, and other Teleport clients store a user's login session directly on the local filesystem. 

Reviewer: It's not really the "session" that's stored on the filesystem, but the certificates. Should we be specific?

> on their filesystem. If a user's filesystem is compromised, any of their active Teleport User keys and certificates

Reviewer 2: Why is "User" capitalized here?

would also be compromised.

You can configure [per-session MFA](per-session-mfa.mdx) to require a second factor authentication check 

> when users start new sessions with Teleport services, such as SSH, Kubernetes, DB, and so on. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
when users start new sessions with Teleport services, such as the SSH Service, Kubernetes Service, Database Service, and so on. 
```
So we have consistent architectural terms throughout the docs

running administrative commands with `tctl. 

To prevent these types of attacks, Teleport supports hardware-based private keys. 
Unlike disk-based private keys, hardware-based private keys are generated and stored directly 
on a hardware device and are impossible to export. 
With hardware-based private keys, a login session is only functional if there's also access to the 
hardware device where the key was generated and stored.

Additionally, you can configure this feature to require a touch for every Teleport request, including non-session requests. 

> With touch required, hardware key support provides better security than per-session MFA offering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With touch required, hardware key support provides better security than per-session MFA.
```

<Admonition type="note" title="touch caching">
  A user's touch is cached on the hardware security key for 15 seconds to prevent excessive touch prompts.
</Admonition>

<Admonition type="warning" title="Compatibility Issues">
  Hardware key support provides the best security available. 
  However, there are some limitations in the services that support hardware keys.
  
  Supported:
    
    - Teleport clients `tsh`, `tctl`, and Teleport Connect.
    - Standard Teleport API requests such as `tsh ls`, `tctl create`, and so on.
    - Server access.
    - Database access with `tsh proxy db` instead of `tsh db connect`.
  
  Not yet supported:

    - Teleport Web UI (except for user registration and reset password).
    - Agent forwarding functionality such as `tsh ssh -A`, Proxy Recording mode, and OpenSSH integration.
    - Kubernetes access.
    - Desktop access.
    - Application access.

  If you require users to have a hardware key to access your infrastructure, they won't be able to
  use any of the unsupported features either because the hardware key can't be accessed—for example, 
  through the Teleport Web UI—or because the protocol only supports raw private keys. 

>   For example, agent forwarding. Kubernetes access, and desktop access all currently require raw private keys. 

Author: I'll remove the examples as they are listed above

Once hardware key support is enforced, affected users will be required to have their login sessions backed by a Hardware Key for all Teleport requests.

Affected users will be prompted to connect and touch their YubiKey on log in. If this is their first login, they may be required to immediately relogin.

> <ScopedBlock scope={["oss"]}>

Reviewer 3: We only support Enterprise and Cloud so this can be removed.  It won't be visible

Author: Better to show it than have blanks in the page, this was an issue in the past - https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/issues/24211

version: v2
```

After you save and exit the editor, `tctl` updates the resource:

```text
cluster auth preference has been updated
```

## Step 2/2. Log in

After you configure a role or cluster to require a hardware key, all users signing in with that 
role or to that cluster must use their hardware key for all Teleport requests.

Affected users will be prompted to connect and touch their YubiKey to sign in. 
The first time users sign in with their hardware key they might be required to immediately sign in again.

<ScopedBlock scope={["oss"]}>

```code
$ tsh login --user=dev --proxy=proxy.example.com:3080
# Enter password for Teleport user dev:
# Unmet private key policy "hardware_key_touch".

> # Re-initiating login with YubiKey generated private key.

Author: I can update this in a follow up PR.

# example.com online root                *        
```

## Configuring hardware key support with per-session MFA

For existing users of per-session MFA, upgrading to `hardware_key_touch` might seem disruptive because it affects
all access requests rather than just session requests. 
Although upgrading to `hardware_key_touch` provides the best security, you can get a similar level of security 
by combining hardware key support with per-session MFA.

You can configure this combined functionality by specifying `require_session_mfa: hardware_key` in the `role` and `cluster_auth_preference` settings. 
This option continues to use per-session MFA checks for starting sessions and requires hardware-based private keys for all Teleport requests.

This configuration prevents basic data exfiltration attacks for Teleport sessions and non-session requests. 

> However, it does not prevent attacks with non-session Teleport requests if an attacker gets access to a 

Author: I'll referece `tctl edit` as an example.
